USF-2278: initial draft of changes for removing references to gdrive and sharepoint (#277)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/tutorials/configure-cart-summary.mdx

- Change the product quantity selector to a dropdown menu.
- Configure how to display savings.

> - Configure the savings display from Content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure the savings display from the Cart content document.
```

   Comment out one of the lines to choose between displaying the discount as a percentage or a fixed amount.

1. Save the file and generate the page to see the changes.

</Steps>

</Task>

<Task>

> ### Configure the savings display from Content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the savings display from the Cart content document
```

> You might want to allow a merchandiser or other non-developer to configure how to display savings values. To do this, you'll need to make some more changes to the `commerce-cart.js` file. You'll also need to make some modifications to the content documents. Review [Create your storefront](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/get-started/) for information about the starter content and Sidekick browser extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow a merchandiser or other non-developer to configure how to display savings values, you need to make more changes to the `commerce-cart.js` file and the relevant content documents. For guidance on starter content and the Sidekick browser extension, review [Create your storefront](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/get-started/).
```

1. Save the file. When you generate the page, discounts are not displayed because the default values are `false`.

> 1. Find the `cart` content document in your site's content folder and add two rows to the Commerce Cart table that set the visibility values for these properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the `cart` content document in your site's content folder, and add two rows to the Commerce Cart table that set the visibility values for these properties.
```
